TODO List

 2. Go through and really flesh out the depth and coverage of the scripts from 10 on
    installing stuff works but need to ensure configurations can be properly applied
    safely
3. Eventually really streamline the way the setup installer prints out and what it does print 

5. Set up a sexy ass GRUB bootloader theme
8. Figure out how to have image previews for every apps layout options
9. Get global rofi themes to work
10. Setup a OS wide theme switcher. (Take all themes from omarchy)
11. EVENTUALLY create a really nice readme and give credit to all repos I took dotfiles or other configs from (Include as vendors?)


14. Figure out how to set what package manager downloads a given package
15. Update the main script to act as a Master config tool even after an install. Give it a menu like: Welcome to arch config manager...
    then you can choose to perform the initiall install (Comeup with someway to block out this setting once an install has been performed), give it the ability to run 
    management scripts like restowing dotfiles etc, and maybe even a uninstaller (not sure how that would work) Oh and it should be launchable through the rofi control center.
    Oh yah and on an initiall install all other menu options other than "install" or "exit" should be blocked off. Maybe use a file with status bits or something???
16. Figure out how to make a yay and pacman interactive package install/remove menu like omarchy


17. I can use hyprlands window settings to apply animations to specific windows and rofi can apply unique window names at as one of its call arguments.
    This will allow for unique menu animations!!!

18. Need to learn to apply notifications to scripts and how to assign a proper "app" that they are from.
19. Implement the ability to hit back space to go back in nested rofi menus
20. Make so that when I open certain apps the open in the current workspace instead of always the first one
21. Fix waybar not properly refreshing on theme changes
22. Setup lazy vim
23. install BTOP for a system resource manager
24. Install hyprcursor and set up custom cursors
25. oh-my-zsh and tmux?????
26. yazi terminal file manager?????
27. Make sure all apps that need autostart configs or services set to run at boot are set (ex. arch-update)
28. Set up things like spicetify, and other apps that can be themed
29. Get a bluetooth manager
30. Get a clipboard menu to work


1️⃣ What belongs in your Control Center (ideas)

Given what you already manage (themes, layouts, wallpaper), these fit naturally:

🔧 System / Session

Reload WM / Bar

Restart Waybar

Restart SwayNC

Lock Screen

Logout / Reboot / Shutdown

Toggle idle inhibitor

Toggle night mode / gamma

🎨 Appearance

Themes (already done)

Wallpapers (already done)

Font scale

Cursor theme

GTK theme

Icon theme

Rofi theme

Hyprland border style

Animation presets

🧠 Behavior / Toggles

Enable / disable animations

Enable / disable blur

Enable / disable transparency

Power profile (balanced / performance / powersave)

Laptop mode

🧩 Utilities

Screenshot

Clipboard history

Audio output switch

Mic mute toggle

Bluetooth menu

Network menu


NEED TO FIX/COME UP WITH A WAY TO SYMLINK THE FONT AND COLOR FILE FOR ROFI TO THE SHARED FOLDER!!!!!!!!


VM remote connection using virtviewer and tailscale
spice://100.86.233.36:5900